# brevo_csharp.Model.ConversationsMessage
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Message ID. It can be used for further manipulations with the message. | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | &#x60;&quot;agent&quot;&#x60; for agents’ messages, &#x60;&quot;visitor&quot;&#x60; for visitors’ messages. | [optional] 
**Text** | **string** | Message text or name of the attached file | [optional] 
**Subject** | **string** | The subject line of the email message (only for messages sent to email threads). | [optional] 
**VisitorId** | **string** | visitor’s ID | [optional] 
**AgentId** | **string** | ID of the agent on whose behalf the message was sent (only in messages sent by an agent). | [optional] 
**AgentName** | **string** | Agent’s name as displayed to the visitor. Only in the messages sent by an agent. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | **long?** | Timestamp in milliseconds. | [optional] 
**IsPushed** | **bool?** | &#x60;true&#x60; for pushed messages | [optional] 
**IsTrigger** | **bool?** | &#x60;true&#x60; for automatic messages from “Targeted chats &amp; triggers” and API (https://developers.brevo.com/docs/javascript-api-reference#sendautomessage) | [optional] 
**IsMissed** | **bool?** | &#x60;true&#x60; for missed and offline messages. | [optional] 
**IsMissedByVisitor** | **bool?** | &#x60;true&#x60; for unread agent’s messages in finished chats. | [optional] 
**AgentUserpic** | **string** | Only set if the agent has uploaded a profile picture. | [optional] 
**ReceivedFrom** | **string** | In two-way integrations, messages sent via REST API can be marked with receivedFrom property and then filtered out when received in a webhook to avoid infinite loop. | [optional] 
**File** | [**ConversationsMessageFile**](ConversationsMessageFile.md) |  | [optional] 
**From** | [**ConversationsMessageFrom**](ConversationsMessageFrom.md) |  | [optional] 
**To** | [**List&lt;ConversationsMessageTo&gt;**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**ReplyTo** | [**ConversationsMessageReplyTo**](ConversationsMessageReplyTo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Cc** | [**List&lt;ConversationsMessageTo&gt;**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the carbon copy (CC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**Bcc** | [**List&lt;ConversationsMessageTo&gt;**](ConversationsMessageTo.md) | An array containing details of the blind carbon copy (BCC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional] 
**SourceMessageId** | **string** | The ID of the message assigned by the integration source. | [optional] 
**ForwardedToSourceStatus** | [**ConversationsMessageForwardedToSourceStatus**](ConversationsMessageForwardedToSourceStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**Integrations** | **Object** | Integration details. | [optional] 
**IsBot** | **bool?** | &#x60;true&#x60; for automated messages generated by an AI bot. | [optional] 
**Attachments** | [**List&lt;ConversationsMessageAttachments&gt;**](ConversationsMessageAttachments.md) | An array of file attachments. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

